Implement max days to show (#1)
mr-light-show/calendar-card-pro: README.md

    color: '#457b9d' # Custom color for work events
days_to_show: 5
max_events_to_show: 5
max_days_to_show: 2
show_location: true
```

> This exmaple will show a minimum of 2 days and 5 events in compact mode.

Author: ```suggestion
In compact mode this example will show a maximum of 2 days or 5 events (which ever shows more)
```
